fix(a11y): final fix for WCAG 1.1.1 image alt should describe image content accurately (#17)
scottrigby/basekamp-next: content/events/irwin.md

title: IRWIN
images:
  - src: eam_600.jpg

>     alt: Gallery installation of East Art Map project showing suspended canvas structure and wooden tables with materials

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    alt: Gallery installation of a tent structure, wooden tables and a projector screen depicting green aerial mountain view
```

  - src: nsk-state.jpg

>     alt: Photograph of four people in green military uniforms standing in front of NSK FARPA banner in Pristina

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    alt: Photograph of four people in green military uniforms standing outdoors. White text at the top reads NSK GARDA Pristina.
```

  - src: nsk_passports2.jpg
    alt: "NSK Point List Citizens' Passports with stacks of black and white booklets, stapler, scissors, and documentation scattered"
  - src: nsk.jpg
    alt: NSK logo with ornate black decorative frame and geometric elements surrounding central shield on black background with Neue Slowenische Kunst text
  - src: nsk_poster_04.jpg
    alt: Poster with large white text reading First NSK Citizens Congress Berlin 21-23.10.2010 with highway and street lamps in background image
  - src: zizek-a-film-from-slovenia.jpg
    alt: Promotional image showing bearded man in striped shirt sitting in front of bookshelves in library setting
  - src: 5nskmoscow.jpg
    alt: Black and white photograph of group of people standing in ornate gallery interior all holding documents and papers
  - src: nsk-state-1.jpg
    alt: Black and white artistic portrait of person with geometric cross symbol on forehead against pixelated checkered background
  - src: imag0189.jpg
    alt: Silver commemorative coin showing geometric cross pattern in center with text around rim on black background
  - src: ogenj.jpg

>     alt: Illuminated geometric cross symbol glowing brightly in ornate interior architectural space with columns on dark background

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    alt: Large burning ring in front of a building with an illuminated geometric symbol projected onto it
```
